Explain HTTP logging basic in troubleshooting.adoc (#157)
owncloud/docs-client-ios-app: modules/ROOT/pages/appendices/troubleshooting.adoc

:page-aliases: ios_troubleshooting.adoc, troubleshooting.adoc

:keywords: troubleshooting, logging, debugging, mitmproxy, charles for iOS, ownCloud, iOS, iPhone, iPad

> :description: This guide steps you through how to troubleshoot issues with ownCloud's iOS App for iPhone and iPad. Specifically, it shows how to configure logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: This guide takes you step by step through how to troubleshoot issues with ownCloud's iOS App for iPhone and iPad. In particular, it shows how to configure logging.
```

a| image:appendices/troubleshooting/ios-app-settings-logging2.png[ios-app-settings-logging, width=250]
|===

 ==== Log HTTP requests and responses

>  When HTTP logging is enabled, log files will contain additional entries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If HTTP logging is enabled, log files will contain additional entries:
```
